good afternoon and thank you for joining
us this afternoon my name is Tina Tebow
I'm the director of media relations for
the province of Nova Scotia and I will
be your moderator for this afternoon's
news conference joining us today the
Honorable Kelly Regan Minister of
Community Services the Honorable Steve
McNeil premier Nova Scotia and dr.
Robert Strang the chief medical officer
of Health again we will be taking
questions from the phone lines you will
each get a turn to ask one question and
one follow-up we have approximately 30
minutes we will start now go ahead
premier Thank You Tina as you all know
now we have two more presumptive cases
here in Nova Scotia and I will ask dr.
Strang to to talk more about those Thank
You Pierre so yes we're announcing two
new presumptive cases of kovat 19 today
both are travel related that brings us
to a total of 14 cases in the province
five confirmed and nine presumptive as
well as we have one thousand three
hundred and seventy two seventy three
people that have been tested and are
negative these cases are low 14 cases
are located in communities across the
province age ranges and people in their
30s to 70s and they say they've all been
threatened related to travel or close
contact with a known case one of our
cases one of our earlier cases that we
announced later
earlier this week has been admitted to
hospital overnight they're doing well in
hospital and it's important to folks
know that our system our health system
worked well from the moment of a call to
911 EHS attending all the way through to
the person Meade admitted to our kovat
unit at the H I site and here in Halifax
infection control was well maintained
and had the safety of health care
workers which is critically important
through this as has been upheld thank
you doctor Strang and today as Tina said
we're joined by Minister Regan who
is now going to share some remarks about
how we as a government or responding to
some of the most vulnerable in our
province Thank You premier good
afternoon today I have want to outline
some of the steps the Department of
Community Services is taking to support
vulnerable Nova Scotians as we face the
challenges brought on by Cova 19 in
these extraordinary times we need to
ensure that community resources like
food banks are able to continue their
operations and expand their reach and
that's why government is making a 1
million dollar investment in feed Nova
Scotia this funding will help feed Nova
Scotia purchase food and it will also
allow this important organization to
hire additional staff to support their
operations we're also committed to
working closely with feed Nova Scotia
and other organizations across the
province to ensure these necessary
networks of supports stay open Nova
Scotians are well known for helping our
neighbors and for ensuring the most
vulnerable are not left behind
and this time is no different and I want
to thank those who continue to step up
and I encourage others to do so if
they're able for example consider
donating to your local food bank reach
out to your neighbors to ensure they're
ok as well the province is investing 2.2
million dollars to further support our
income assistance clients this emergency
assistance will provide vulnerable Nova
Scotians with additional support for
food cleaning supplies and personal care
items each individual and each member of
their family on IA will receive $50 for
example a single mom with three children
will receive $200 this is automatic
clients do not need to apply if they
have direct deposit as the vast majority
of our es ia clients do the money will
be in their accounts as early as
tomorrow as we monitor the situation
we'll determine when additional
assistance is needed now this payment is
in addition to basic assistance and will
not be considered an overpayment no one
has to pay it back this investment will
help approximately 26,000 families and
over
40,000 people and will be in the hands
of our clients as early as tomorrow I
also want to take a moment here to thank
our staff at the Department of Community
Services particularly frontline staff as
well as staff from across all government
departments who are working hard to
continue to provide critical support to
vulnerable Nova Scotians who need us the
most as the premier is mentioned now is
the time for us to come together as a
community the vulnerable people and our
province will need our support both from
government and from all of us thank you
Thank You Minister Regan we as a
government also know this is a
challenging time for seniors in our
communities that's why we're reporting
supports in place that will help them to
continue to live safely and be connected
to the community while still practicing
necessary public health precautions we
are investing 230,000 dollars in
emergency funding for Community Links
and senior safety programs to existing
programs program partners that have
networks in the communities and are
already connected to local seniors that
are and their needs this emergency
funding will help those organizations
increase the capacity to support those
in their communities by expanding their
hours and covering associated cost to
deliver groceries and other necessities
also effective today no tenant in the
province of Nova Scotia whose income has
been impacted as the result of kovat 19
can be evicted by their landlord also
today we are also hearing from a number
that from a number of universities that
Nova Scotians who are students at our
post-secondary institutions are still
living in dorms I can't stress this
enough if you are a Nova Scotian student
we expect you to go home this will make
it safer for those students from outside
of our province who can are unable to
travel for those students who have no
choice
this will make their residence even
safer and allow us to practice social
distance I also want to say to those who
are left on campus there's absolutely no
partying or large gatherings
is absolutely critical that you practice
or public health has asked you to do
which is to stop the social have social
distancing and stop large gatherings it
is important for all of us to help
prevent the spread of this virus doctor
string Thank You premier so along with
the new cases we announced today I just
wanted to talk about you there's just in
the last few minutes there's two
announcements gone on about some
potential exposures in our in our
community the first one Nova Scotia
Health Authority we know that at a
basketball tournament between March 5th
and 7th at both at the gymnasiums at the
Halifax Grammar School as well as the
Homburg Centre on the st. Mary's campus
that there was a potential that people
would have been exposed to Kovac 19
Public Health has investigated this it
is considered a low risk exposure
anybody who is known to have close
contact with it with the case has
already been identified but it's
important that that that came that the
community know about the possibility of
a low risk exposure there's also been
just in the last 15 minutes or so a
release from Dalhousie University
someone as part of the Dalhousie
community as have been diagnosed with
kovat 19 again Public Health has been
working and anybody who's been in close
contact with that individual will has
been or will be contacted directly by
Public Health anybody else in the
Dalhousie community we del Halsey wants
them to me made aware but it's important
that people understand that if they have
been directly exposed they will be
contacted or may already have been
contacted by Public Health these are
examples of how this is going to play
out of the coming days two weeks we are
going to have more cases more exposures
in our communities and at some point we
will get some community spread people in
cases that have been exposures within
Nova Scotia
not oh not from travel we fully expect
that anticipate that
I can't stress enough though that the
way we control this to minimize the
chances of spread within Nova Scotia to
priests the number of people who are
become infected to to minimize the
impact of those who are at increased
risk seniors people with underlying
health conditions and also to protect
our help vulnerable healthcare workers
who are working day in day and night to
develop plans and to be able to respond
we all need to do the things we've been
talking about the personal protective
measures hand-washing not touching your
face cleaning surfaces staying away if
you're sick as well as the things we do
that around social distancing and I just
want to touch bases and those again like
we did yesterday everybody we're asking
separate yourself physically it's not a
time to be together in large groups even
if you're around other people
maintaining that six six feet distance
from each other as much as possible we
all need to be doing that people and and
I want to clarify yesterday I use an
example of a playgrounds which was
probably not the best example we
actually want people to get out and
about be out cycling walking but
playgrounds for young children actually
are in a good environment lots of kids
there lots of hands going on things that
we can't control
so kids at playground is actually not a
good idea but by all means take your
kids out and enjoy the spring weather
that we're starting to get people who
have traveled need to self isolate that
means staying at home as much as you can
but you can still go out and about as
long as you're avoiding contact with
other people so by all means go work in
your yard take your dog for a walk cycle
but if you need to go to there if you
need groceries if you need your
prescriptions picked up ask somebody
else to do that communities are
mobilizing to support people who are
self isolating don't go get your
groceries yourself and then there's also
the people who are isolated or be asked
to be self isolated because they are
known contact of a case Public Health
work for them and monitors them on a
daily basis and then the people who were
sick with very strict isolation if
they're able to be maintained themselves
at home rather be
the hospital so it's important that we
understand those differences and we're
important that we're all practicing what
we've been asked to practice whether
it's social distancing or self I
salacious for travel or other reasons
thank you very much we will now go to
the phone lines for questions from
reporters again each outlet will get one
question and one follow-up question
I will go outlet by outlet to those of
you who identified that you have a
question for one of our panelists will
start with Keith Doucet from The
Canadian Press go ahead Keith yeah
question for dr. strong I was wondering
about the video there could be some
community spread as a result of these
contacts that these recreational
facilities wasn't quite clear on that I
wonder if you could be a little more
clear about so the Advisory certain
there's two of them so the basketball
and on March 5th to 7th even though the
close contacts have been identified it's
important that that we have an
obligation to inform people if they
might have been exposed even if it's a
low risk low risk exposure they need to
know that they might have come into
contact and to monitor their health
carefully although they they would not
have been in very close contact so the
risk is is is is significantly lower but
we have an obligation to let people know
about those possible exposures the
Dalhousie one is again we know all the
close contacts and they are they have
been or will be contacted by Public
Health Dalhousie rightly so wants to
inform the rest of their community
because there's a lot of concern and
anxiety on situations like this but they
they want to inform people that just so
they're aware of the situation but also
to make sure that they if anybody on the
part of the Dalhousie community if they
haven't been contacted directly by
public health they they are not
considered to have been exposed and not
at any increased risk Keith do you have
a follow up so to be clear dr. Strang at
this point we still do not have
community spread but I think you did say
that it's fairly likely now given what
you know so exactly you would know
community spread yet but we just need to
look
other provinces look around the world we
have cases here from outside and it's
inevitable that we will get some
community spread it's all it's all about
up to us how we work together to do all
the things that we've been talking about
to minimize the spread and minimize the
impacts Thank You Keith for that
question just a reminder for those of
you on the phone please mute your lines
I'm hearing a lot of background noise so
if this is going to work it's only going
to work if your lines are muted next
question from Sean rush CBC hi this is
for the premier I just wondered premier
you you're going to help the most
vulnerable but a number of people
obviously have lost their jobs or are
without any pay how are those people
going to survive them what kind of help
is the province offering them well as
you know yesterday the national
government announced a major package
that is supporting workers across the
country waiving the waiting period for
unemployment insurance and other
benefits we're assessing that and we
will be making and some announcements
about programs that we as the province
can do to help support that do you have
a follow-up question job thank you
next Natasha pace from CTV go ahead
Natasha and also if you still have
medical supplies at this point to fight
the virus our last doctor is trying to
talk about the medical supplies but as
far as the state of emergency no we have
not we have not enacted one right now
the underneath the order that doctor
Strang is working on the health water
we've been able to execute all of the
things they've required and quite
frankly our partners across the province
have been supportive from union leaders
to business owners to community members
to not-for-profits have all been working
with us to ensure that we do all we can
to mitigate the spread of this virus but
if if that changes obviously we
and act that order but right now we
believe what we have in place is working
medical supply issue we have the
supplies we need today and we have a
relatively small stockpile of supplies
left over from h1n1 of masks and and and
types of gloves we are participating in
a federally led common procurement
process all the provinces and
territories working with the federal
government to identified our material
needs whether it's through that we
require our acquiring more respirators
also making sure that we're putting
forward what we anticipate the needs for
for gloves and masks other personal
protective equipment but we do have to
be realistic and know that with this is
a global issue there are global
challenges around around personal
protective equipment but we are
participating in these national programs
to the best we can to or to ensure as
best we can that we have the materials
that we need because of Corbett 19 are
the rest of the 13 yes this is our first
hospitalization Thank You Natasha again
just a reminder to please mute your
phones we will go to Jessie Thomas from
global go ahead Jessie thank you the
question for dr. strength given the
potential for community spread and
transmission being real given that I
guess what are the protocols for someone
being tested now who qualifies I guess
what the capacity to test and how many
more tests they're going to be brought
in so we're rapidly working to increase
our our testing capacity in the labs up
to 400 tests a day we're also looking at
ensuring we have appropriate supplies of
swabs and looking at alternative types
of swabs if necessary one of the things
we're also like they're Pro all our
testing right now is driven on on
calling people with who have traveled
out of the province calling eight one
one and then if they have the right
symptoms being directed for testing
we're actively looking at
standing up some some what we call
Sentinel site so we're starting to look
at and get some indication of community
transmission the other thing where I
were engaged in my team is right now on
a national conference and they're
discussing activity in other parts of
the country and when do we potentially
start to look at testing criteria of
people who've come from outside of Nova
Scotia but traveled within within Canada
follow-up question Jesse yeah I guess
sort of the first part of that question
was what are the protocols to get a cove
at 19 tests I think there's people in
the community who want to get tested
they're worried how the protocols
changed or what are those protocols
doctor strength protocols are still
based on travel because I said as today
we do not have any evidence of community
spread these the certainly the
basketball tournament is concerning that
might we'll have to see how that plays
out but right now all of our cases are
screening is based appropriately so on
people traveling outside of the country
and so how people go about getting a
test we ask people if they're just
looking for information on coronavirus
go to the government website if they
think they might need to be tested go to
the eight one one a website and do the
self assessment test first that will
give you direction if people clearly fit
the criteria for testing which is travel
and feet and symptoms of fever or new
cough they are asked to call eight one
one eight one one will they'll take them
who a further assessment and then direct
them to their closest testing site we do
not want people just walking into the
testing site people need to go through
eight one one first but we're also
asking people the only people who should
be calling eight one one are those who
have gone through the screening process
first and under which is online having
said that we also need to remember that
eight one one is also there for people
with non-covered related issues so if
your need to call for four other health
issues by all means call eight one one
but if it's about your concern you might
have kovat and andmany testing do the
online screening first and then if
you're directed then call it one one
thanks Jessie our next question goes to
Cassandra Nadal Amash from adagio Canada
go ahead hi this is a question for a
premier McNeil with heard reports that
some provincial borders may be closing
this is something you have the authority
to do and is this something that you're
considering it's not something that we
are considering at all we will continue
to movement of goods and services across
the country as well as into the u.s. we
have certainly made it clear to our
residents that we believe this is not
the time to be traveling it's important
for them to be at home whether or not
you've been out of the country or not we
encourage people to take this time to be
at home with their families as we
prevent the spread of this virus but
there will be those that will be
required and have to go across the
country and across the borders and
we have it not at all entertained the
idea of preventing that do you have a
follow-up question thank you thank you
very much we will go to Chris hello from
News 95 7:00 go ahead Chris
thank you very much this question is for
the premier I just had a question
regarding regulated daycares I
understand the province is offering
grants and subsidies to help them out
while they're closed
but just for clarity say when will the
funding of course be available because
I've spoken to some providers and they
say they're not sure when they're gonna
get it and they feel like they're being
left on the dark in the dark on well the
grant program is ongoing they would have
that now as part of the annual funding
that we would provide them what we've
committed to them doing is to two things
number one is we've said no parent who
has a spot currently in a regulated
childcare center will lose that spot and
we've said that we would ensure that
governments support it and funded the
remaining portion of the operation that
parents are paying for themselves but we
don't want a parent to be paying for a
spot that they're not able to use and we
as a government because we've closed
them said that we will we will fund that
and that funding should be being worked
out through the Department of Education
and early childhood education do you
have a follow up Chris
Thank You great next we'll go to Lindsay
Armstrong from ole Nova Scotia
go ahead Lindsay hi dad this is a
question for dr. string I'm curious
about stockpiling medication the arms
Association of Nova Scotia expressed
concerns about this as people were
directed to sort of stock up and it's
been an issue I mean currently Canada
has about 2000 drugs that are on the
drug shortage list is drug shortage a
concern I'm not aware of any acute drug
shortages directly in Canada directly
rate dacovia but what we're aware of is
that that the potential for shortages
many of the components of drugs that are
actually manufactured in China so
there's been a concern potentially that
that may impact the supply of
pharmaceutical products here what we are
asking we're at this well we're asking
people to make sure if they have as part
of their preparedness for a potentially
isolating for a couple of weeks that
they have appropriate amounts of of
their prescription medications but at
the same time we don't want them to be
stockpiling large amount for for weeks
and weeks and weeks in case we have some
challenges nationally around around drug
shortages give a follow-up Lindsay no
thank you
great next we'll go to share Montgomery
from the Cape Breton Post go ahead
Sharon oh hi I'm wondering who had
traveled outside Canada I know we were
told the first few but I'm wondering if
you could please show us where they had
traveled to so we're actually be very
careful about about not disclosing
individuals personal information at the
same time making sure the public is is
informed
it really doesn't and from my
perspective doesn't make a difference
about where a specific case traveled we
know we have covered 19 spread around
the globe and so the whole point is that
it no matter where people traveled
outside of Canada
they may have been exposed and that's
why we want them to self isolate not
does it really matter which part of the
globe they were in thanks Sharon do you
follow up oh that's good thank you very
much great next we'll go to Tim Bousquet
from the Halifax examiner go ahead Tim
Riggins or residential centers like that
Thank You mr. muskie the that particular
Association the Association that governs
though the a RCS and the RCS is in fact
has a very robust plan for events such
as this and we can certainly make the
head of that association available to
you if you'd like specific advice about
what is happening there what I can tell
you is that in our most recent budget we
had money to move 50 dava Scotians into
new placements this year and that ramps
up to 400 over the next coming few years
so there there are plans underway to do
that as well
do you follow up question Tim situations
they have facilities we would continue
to ensure that we restrict access and
people bringing the virus in as the
minister said we're working very hard to
move people into communities across the
province I actually represent one of the
one of the facilities you're referring
to and there are residents and those who
believe that's their home and then one
that's where they want to be and our job
as government is
to make sure that we provide that home
is to be as safe as possible that's why
we continue to encourage Nova Scotians
who have been outside of the country not
to enter these public institutions to
self isolate and it's also why we've
taken measures in terms of some of our
public institutions is preventing access
because we are worried about vulnerable
populations thanks Tim will go to Drake
lathers from the Port Hawkesbury
reporter go ahead drink doctor Strang
with their children what's your
recommendation for one of them that may
be working frontline healthcare and
could be a vector of the virus MBA
confirm addict so we know that
asymptomatic transmission is as the
World Health Organization can who looks
at the epidemiology from around the
world continues to say that it's not a
not that it could never happen but it's
not a major contributor to transmission
of this disease it's mostly focused on
people who are symptomatic so it's a
challenge health care workers and and
they are there on the front lines on
this and we know it we need to
acknowledge their commute in our
communities that our health care workers
are willing to step up and and and and
provide the care that were that's
necessary even if somebody has an
infectious disease like Ovid 19 we do
have lots very strong infection control
protocols and personal protective
equipment to protect those healthcare
workers but it does put them potentially
at it at increased risk that then
translate to how they how they what they
need to do in in conversation with their
families we need to focus on though as
long as they remain well those health
care workers that they're they're not at
risk to taking that back in into their
into their family home do you have a
follow-up Drake no I'm good great thanks
so we've got about ten minutes left so
we'll take a few more questions we'll
start from the top again do you have
another question Keith Doucet Canadian
Press
we'll move along shallow dosh from CBC
do you have a follow-up question I do I
just wondered for the Premier's reaction
to the shutdown at the urban shipyard
today did it happen soon enough they
would obviously be working with the
national government about what the
appropriate protocols were for them you
know they came to that conclusion today
in terms of the timeline and I think
they would have been making sure that
their employees would have been
separated but they've made a decision
along with the national government to do
that today do you have a follow-up John
yeah on the question of homecare workers
or do you have a bead on perhaps dr.
Strang there do you have a bead on
whether or not those people have the
equipment they need and how much longer
they can continue to work the way there
they have been so my understanding is
they have the appropriate equipment they
need I know our my colleagues in the
infection control experts in the Health
Authority who are actually providing
their expertise across the healthcare
system they have developed robust and
comprehensive infection control
guidelines both for long-term care and
for home care thank you John we'll go to
Natasha pace from CTV go ahead and
etosha Natasha do you have a question
hearing none we'll move along
Jessie Thomas from global do you have
another question you know the Canadians
come home and either the premier doctor
story might have a better handle on this
but do we have a registry or do we
understand how many people are coming
back home to Nova Scotia the national
government made a call for Canadians
outside the country as you know began to
make different steps around travel
restrictions border are beginning to
close other than goods and services and
trying to repatriate our own citizens
we know as a province that we're still
waiting for snowbirds to come back which
is a which will put pressure on our
system they exact numbers we don't have
at the same time March break is ending
but it is our hope and I think a lot of
Nova Scotians heeded the warning of the
national government to come home and we
believe a lot of them have already
returned except for those that would
have been away for you know winter
vacations do you follow up Jesse yeah I
guess just on that note are we doing
enough testing and getting a real feel
for the scope of the virus here in Nova
Scotia at the moment or should testing
be ramped up dr. Spreng so I think we're
doing based on our as I outlined earlier
our current approach which is the right
approach based on travel we are we are
testing people as they come forward as I
said we've got over 1,300 people host
the 1,400 people in total that have been
tested out of all those only 14 of them
are positive so when we've significantly
increased the daily amounts of tests
we're running over the last week as
we've stood up the testing centers we're
building more capacity in our lab we're
also looking at how do we start to build
some Sentinel surveillance systems and
looking for indicators of local
community transmission so I believe we
have the right approach and we at this
time we have the appropriate capacity or
necessary capacity in our labs Thank You
Jesse we'll go to Lindsey Armstrong from
all Nova Scotia Lindsey do you have a
question I do yes I was wondering if
doctor starting to update us on the
progress of the nurses program of
retired nurses being remanded to the
workforce I can't give you any details
on that that's certainly an ongoing
piece of work but I haven't been updated
on that thank you did you have a follow
up question no thank you Chris hello
news 95 7 do you have any follow up
questions
Sharyn Montgomery from the Cape Breton
Post do you have any follow-up questions
Drake lathers Port Hawkesbury reporter
do you have any follow up questions will
now go to Genevieve Norman from what I
do kind of SCB season you have I
understand you have a question yes I do
good afternoon premier I just have a
question about leadership this is very
important in those circumstances so I
was just wondering what is going to
happen for instance if you get sick well
we have unfortunate I was fortunate to
be elected a lot capable people Minister
Regan here is with me yesterday you
would have had the Minister of Health
has been with me a few days the deputy
premiers in town we have a strong team
around around me and I'm taking all the
precautions of following doctor strands
advice and I would I would tell you this
province is in good shape there's lots
of people who are capable of filling in
the job premiere and I look forward to
continue to work with them but we're
also very fortunate to be frank about
this doctor Strang has been doing
tremendous work with public health and
we've been following his advice and
working with him closely did you have a
follow-up question yeah I was wondering
if any cabinet members or under
quarantine or anything like that or they
all at work or what's going on with your
colleagues all of our cabinet ministers
our work except one is actually in a
self isolation due to travel reasons not
sick working from his home but it's
because when we impose the travel
restrictions he was out of the country
thank you very much for that question we
will take one last question from Tim
Bousquet from the health facts examiner
go ahead Tim I want to get the right
information out to them you have been
talking about the protocols for testing
and you say there's no spread
the community and yet the assessment
tool kind of eliminates anyone who
hasn't traveled outside of your country
or coming coming to contact with someone
who has traveled outside of the country
so how do you know that there's no
communities well that that's always a
possibility about we we we are based on
the but we knew as we built our approach
that the virus wasn't here and so we are
aggressively testing people who are
coming into the province we're also
looking at other indicators of potential
community spread all along so we are
monitoring rates of people going to
emergency room with influenza like
illness which is part of our standard
influenza surveillance and certainly if
we'd seen we're getting daily reporting
on that from all of our hospitals if
we'd seen a spike in in flu-like illness
in in any community we were certainly
prepared to go in and do some testing we
haven't had to do that if we got an
outbreak in a school or school before
they closed or in a long-term care
facility we would along with our regular
viruses we would be it would have big we
would now be testing for kovat we are
now testing anybody admitted with who
has to be admitted to hospital with
respire Tory illness for kovin so we
even though we're not testing people in
the kit with just fever or cough we're
looking for community spread in a number
of other ways and as I said earlier were
actively looking at how do we start to
do that more community-based in in
certain locations we there's nobody
around the world that is testing
everybody with a fever cough or the
travel drop that's just not realistic or
feasible so we have to focus the
resources we have on testing in the most
appropriate places to bring them so now
is the time for people especially
seniors unfortunately but it's necessary
that they need to isolate themselves
from others as much as possible so if
you have an elderly relative how do you
actually stay connected by phone by by
FaceTime
make sure you're checking in on them and
how are you going to support them with
with delivering groceries make sure they
have their medications but certainly
even if you come in and deliver the
groceries making sure you're staying
well away outside of that that that's a
six foot distance and we're also asking
communities to do this not all seniors
have family around them so how do
communities working together I'm hearing
lots of this already happening at just
just almost kind of a organic level
communities are stepping up and knowing
where there are ice they may be seniors
but there may be vulnerable in other
ways and how do we actually help those
people stay separated from the rest of
us while they get their essential needs
looked after and it's physical
separation not social separation and
that I can't stress that enough we have
lots of tools available we need to stay
apart physically but we actually need to
focus even increase our bill other way
we reach out and connect with one
another and virtually all the time we
have for questions premier we'll close
it off Thank You Tina and thank all of
you I do want to just emphasize again
that if you're a Nova Scotia student at
a university in our province staying in
a dorm we expect you to go home we need
to continue to make sure that we do not
spread this throughout our province and
the best thing you can do is go home to
your home community and allow those
residents who have to stay on campus to
have more opportunity to have a broader
space I also want to say to Nova
Scotians thank you for the tremendous
cooperation that you've been providing
us as a government and public health
continue to remind your loved ones who
are still out of the country or coming
home they have to self isolate
for 14 days no exceptions we need them
the site to self isolate it is the
single biggest thing that each of us can
do for one another is to go home stay
there for 14 days and practice good
hygiene and to follow up the Tim's
question the other thing that we can do
is look out for our neighbors if we know
someone in our community that is living
along pick up the phone and call them
ask them do they need you to pick
something up at the grocery store
support them do what we always do be
kind to each other and we'll find our
way through this thank you all